Update document links for npub.cash (#38)
lightning-digital-entertainment/cashu-address: README.md

  <p align="center">
    The webserver powering npub.cash
    <br />

>     <a href="https://docs.cashu.space"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>

Author: ```suggestion
    <a href="https://docs.npub.cash"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
```

## Usage

By default the dev server will include the projects landing page on the root domain.

> For more details check out the [documentation](https://docs.cashu.space)

Author: ```suggestion
For more details check out the [documentation](https://docs.npub.cash)
```
